
1.1 Scope of Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Vendor shall (i) build,
install and deploy a radio access network (“RAN”) at certain Cell Sites in one or more states for AT&T
and its Affiliates as more particularly described in Addendum 1: Network Build and Structured
Payments (the “Build Addendum”) attached hereto, (ii) provide ongoing maintenance of the RAN
network constructed by Vendor pursuant to the Build Addendum as more particularly described in
Addendum 2: Maintenance (the “Maintenance Addendum”) attached hereto and (iii) provide to AT&T
certain other Material and Services related thereto as described herein and therein. In exchange for the
provision of the Material and Services set forth in the Build Addendum, the Parties agree that AT&T will
pay to Vendor the Structured Payments (as such term is defined in the Build Addendum) and in exchange
for the provision of the Material and Services set forth in the Maintenance Addendum, the Parties agree
that AT&T will pay to Vendor the Maintenance Fees (as such term is defined in the Maintenance
Addendum). Vendor agrees that the Material and Services provided pursuant to this Agreement, the Build
Addendum and the Maintenance Addendum shall strictly conform to the Specifications contained herein
and therein.
Concurrently herewith, the Parties or their Affiliates have entered into (i) that certain Cell Site Backhaul
Master Services Agreement between Vendor and AT&T Corp. pursuant to which Vendor is responsible
for providing transport services from the Cell Sites to AT&T’s designated MTSO (the “Transport
Agreement”) and (ii) that certain Master License Agreement that governs all site license agreements
between AT&T and Vendor (or its Affiliates) for the Cell Sites (the “Master License Agreement”).
1.2 Term of Agreement. The “Term” of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall
continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or
be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in
accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
2.0 Definitions
2.1 Affiliate. “Affiliate” of a Person means any other Person, directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control with such Person or any other
Person in which such Person beneficially owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock, membership
interests or partnership interests.
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and
third party representatives, and Vendor except under written agreement by the contracting parties.
1
st
Source: ATN INTERNATIONAL, INC., 10-Q, 11/8/2019
2.2 Agreement. “Agreement” means the written agreement between the Parties as set forth in this
document and the attached addendums, exhibits, schedules and appendices and shall include the terms of
such other documents as are incorporated by express reference in this document and the attached
addendums, exhibits, schedules and appendices. All references herein to this Agreement shall include the
Build Addendum and the Maintenance Addendum and all attachments, exhibits and schedules attached
thereto, as amended from time to time.
2.3 Attorney’s Fees. “Attorney’s Fees” include all reasonable outside counsel fees and expenses.
2.4 AT&T Competitor. “AT&T Competitor” means [***].
2.5 AT&T Indemnified Parties. “AT&T Indemnified Parties” means AT&T and its Affiliates, as well as
their respective officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents, individually or collectively, as
the case may be, and all of their successors and assigns.
2.6 Cell Site. “Cell Site” means a wireless communications tower or other structure on which cell site
equipment is located, and for purposes of this Agreement shall refer to AT&T’s space on such structure
and all of the AT&T Provided Equipment (as such term is defined in the Build Addendum) and Vendor
Provided Equipment (as such term is defined in the Build Addendum), including all Material contemplated
herein or in the Build Addendum, together with all related ground space and other property and rights
ancillary thereto as set forth in the Master License Agreement and the applicable Site License for the
Vendor Cell Sites or the applicable Tower Lease for the Third Party Cell Sites.
2.7 Change Management Plan. “Change Management Plan” means the process to accommodate
changes to the Specifications or Work set forth in Exhibit C attached hereto.
2.8 Change of Control. “Change of Control” means any contract or transaction or series of related
contracts or transactions (regardless of form or structure) that would directly result in the Control of a
Person or its business or assets changing from one Person to another Person (alone or in combination with
any other third Person).
2.9 Change Order. “Change Order” means any written request by any Party hereto to make any change to
the Work, including the Services, Material, Delivery Dates or Completion Dates, Specifications or other
terms and conditions of this Agreement, that is authorized and approved in writing by the other Party in
accordance with the Change Management Plan.
2.10 Control. “Control” (including the terms “Controlling” and “Controlled by”) of a Person shall mean
(i) holding fifty percent (50%) or more ownership or beneficial interest of income and capital of such
Person; or (ii) having ownership of at least fifty percent (50%)
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and
third party representatives, and Vendor except under written agreement by the contracting parties.
2
Source: ATN INTERNATIONAL, INC., 10-Q, 11/8/2019
of the voting power or voting equity of such Person; or (iii) regardless of the percentage ownership interest
held, having the ability to appoint a majority of the board of directors, managers or other governing body
of such Person or otherwise direct management policies of such Person by contract or otherwise.
2.11 Customer Information. “Customer Information” includes, to the extent received, observed,
collected, stored, or accessed, in any way, in connection with this Agreement: AT&T’s or its Affiliates’
customers’ names, addresses, and phone numbers, any such customer’s or its employee’s personal, health
or financial information, authentication credentials, Internet activities, history, and/or patterns of use,
information concerning accounts, network performance and usage information, web browsing and wireless
application information, location information, any other information associated with a customer of AT&T
or its Affiliates or with persons in the household of a customer of AT&T or its Affiliates, and any
information available to AT&T, its Affiliates and/or the suppliers and/or subcontractors of AT&T or its
Affiliates (for avoidance of doubt, including Vendor) by virtue of AT&T’s or its Affiliates’ relationship with
customers as a provider of mobile and non-mobile communications, Internet, data, video, information or
other services, including the quantity, technical configuration, location, type, destination, and amount of use
of communications or other services subscribed to, and information contained on the bills of AT&T’s or its
Affiliates’ customers.
2.12 Deliverable. “Deliverable” means any and all deliverables set forth in this Agreement, including all
deliverables set forth in the Build Addendum and the Maintenance Addendum, which are to be provided
by Vendor to AT&T pursuant to the terms of any exhibit, schedule or appendix attached hereto or thereto.
Deliverables include, but are not limited to, any cell site configuration files, reports, data, designs, plans,
specifications, models, prototypes, performance requirements, and/or Documentation delivered pursuant
to this Agreement.
2.13 Delivery or Completion. “Delivery” or “Completion” or any similar terms mean Vendor’s obligation
to provide Material and Services that strictly conform to the Specifications, including, without limitation,
Location Acceptance of the Cell Sites described in the Build Addendum. Vendor completes Delivery of
Material or Completion of Services: (i) in the case of any Cell Site (and all Material and Services
incorporated therein or related thereto) upon Location Acceptance, and (ii) in the case of delivery of
Material or Services that are required to be delivered prior to or following Location Acceptance, (A)
upon AT&T’s possession of the Material if Vendor is not required to provide additional Services, such as
installation, (B) upon completing such additional Services, if Vendor is required to provide such Services in
connection with providing Material, or (C) for Services, upon completing the provision of Services.
Notwithstanding the above, Delivery and Completion shall not be deemed to have occurred until Vendor
causes the Material and Services to strictly conform to the Specifications and in the case of any Cell Site,
Location Acceptance has occurred.
2.14 Delivery Date or Completion Date. “Delivery Date” or “Completion Date” means the date on
which the Parties agree Vendor is scheduled in this Agreement or the Build
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and
third party representatives, and Vendor except under written agreement by the contracting parties.
3
Source: ATN INTERNATIONAL, INC., 10-Q, 11/8/2019
Addendum or Maintenance Addendum or as such date may be extended due to an Excusable Delay, as
applicable, to complete its Delivery of Material and Completion of Services, as applicable.
2.15 Documentation. “Documentation” means all documentation included with Vendor’s purchase of
Vendor Provided Equipment, including user instructions, training materials and, if applicable, the source
code for Software.
2.16 Drug Screen. “Drug Screen” means the testing of any individual for the use of illicit drugs (including
opiates, cocaine, cannabinoids, amphetamines, and phencyclidine (PCP)).
2.17 Employment Claims. “Employment Claims” means any claims by any federal, state or local

This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and
third party representatives, and Vendor except under written agreement by the contracting parties.
4
Source: ATN INTERNATIONAL, INC., 10-Q, 11/8/2019
2.20 Information. “Information”, with respect to a Party, means all confidential, proprietary or trade secret
information, including discoveries, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, processes, procedures,
designs, specifications, strategic information, proposals, requests for proposals, proposed products,
drawings, blueprints, tracings, diagrams, models, samples, flow charts, data, computer programs,
marketing plans, Customer Information (including Internet activities, history, and/or patterns of use),
employee personal information, health or financial information, authentication credentials, and other
technical, financial or business information, whether disclosed in writing, orally, or visually, in tangible or
intangible form, including in electronic mail or by other electronic communication.
2.21 Intellectual Property Rights. “Intellectual Property Rights” means all patents (including all
reissues, divisions, continuations, and extensions thereof) and patent applications, trade names,
trademarks, service marks, logos, trade dress, copyrights, trade secrets, mask works, rights in technology,
know-how, rights in content (including performance and synchronization rights), or other intellectual
property rights that are in each case protected under the Laws of any governmental authority having
jurisdiction.
2.22 Items. “Items” means any or all inventions, discoveries, ideas (whether patentable or not), and all
works and materials, including but not limited to products, devices, computer programs, source codes,
designs, files, specifications, texts, drawings, processes, data or other information or documentation in
preliminary or final form, and all Intellectual Property Rights in or to any of the foregoing.
2.23 Laws. “Laws” includes all federal, state, provincial, regional, territorial and local laws, statutes,
ordinances, regulations, rules, executive orders, supervisory requirements, directives, circulars, opinions,
interpretive letters and other official releases of or by any governmental authority.
2.24 Liability. “Liability” means all losses, damages, expenses, costs, penalties, fines and fees, including
Litigation Expenses, arising from or incurred in connection with a claim or cause of action related to
performance or omission of acts under this Agreement, including, but not limited to, claims or causes of
action brought by third parties.
2.25 Lien. “Lien” means any mortgage, lien, pledge, security interest, charge, claim, restriction or other
encumbrance of any nature whatsoever.
2.26 Litigation Expense. “Litigation Expense” means any court filing fee, court cost, arbitration fee, and
each other fee and cost of investigating or defending an indemnified claim or asserting any claim for
indemnification or defense under this Agreement, including Attorney’s Fees, other professionals’ fees, and
disbursements.
2.27 Loss. “Loss” means any Liability, loss, claim, demand, suit, cause of action, settlement payment, cost,
expense, interest, award, judgment, damage (including punitive damages), fine, fee, penalty, and Litigation
Expense.
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and
third party representatives, and Vendor except under written agreement by the contracting parties.
5
Source: ATN INTERNATIONAL, INC., 10-Q, 11/8/2019
2.28 Material. “Material” means all units of equipment, apparatus, components, tools, supplies, material,

Site that are not a result of the construction or maintenance of such Cell Site by Vendor.
2.36 Services. “Services” means all of the services contemplated in the Build Addendum and the
Maintenance Addendum (and all schedules thereto).
2.37 Software. “Software” means any and all software (irrespective of whether it is Paid-For Development)
and firmware in any form (including source code and object code), as well as any Documentation,
licensed or otherwise provided by or on behalf of Vendor.
2.38 Specifications. “Specifications” means (i) all of the Build Out Specifications set forth in the Build
Addendum (and all schedules thereto, except as expressly waived by AT&T in writing), (ii) all of the
specifications set forth in the Maintenance Addendum (and all schedules thereto) with respect to the
Services contemplated therein, and (iii) all applicable OEM specifications.
2.39 Subcontractor. “Subcontractor” means any Person (including an agent) supplying labor or materials
to perform any or all of Vendor’s obligations under this Agreement, including any Person at any tier of
subcontractors, and shall not be limited to those Persons with a direct relationship with Vendor.
2.40 Suspend a Site, Suspend or Suspension. “Suspend a Site”, “Suspend” or “Suspension” means
Vendor shall stop work on a Cell Site and not incur additional costs against the Cell Site and the
Completion Date is suspended until AT&T notifies Vendor to resume work or AT&T terminates this
Agreement with respect to such Cell Site.
2.41 System. “System” means the hardware, operating system and application Software, interfaces, and
databases that interact with Software.
2.42 Third Party Loss. “Third Party Loss” means any Loss or Liability resulting from or relating to a claim
or cause of action asserted by a third party.
2.43 Vendor Indemnified Parties. “Vendor Indemnified Parties” means Vendor and its Affiliates, as well
as their respective officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents, individually or collectively, as
the case may be, and all of their successors and assigns.
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and
third party representatives, and Vendor except under written agreement by the contracting parties.
7
Source: ATN INTERNATIONAL, INC., 10-Q, 11/8/2019
2.44 Vendor Person. “Vendor Person” means any officer, director, employee, representative, agent,
contractor or Subcontractor of Vendor and any officer, director, employee, representative or agent of any
Vendor contractor or Subcontractor.
2.45 Work. “Work” means all or any portion, as the case may be, of the Material, Deliverables and Services
that Vendor is supplying pursuant to this Agreement, including all Material, Deliverables, Services and
other Work contemplated in the Build Addendum and Maintenance Addendum (and all schedules
thereto).
2.46 Writing or Written. “Writing” or “Written” (whether or not capitalized) means a tangible document
with an original signature or an electronic transmission of data pursuant to the Electronic Data Interchange
(“EDI”) Section of this Agreement.
3.0 General Terms
3.1 Affiliate. An Affiliate of AT&T may transact business under this Agreement. References to “AT&T”
h
other Party with a debtor in bankruptcy or liquidation and which is not dismissed within forty-five (45) days
after the effective service of same; or the appointment is made of a receiver, custodian or trustee of such other
Party or for all or a substantial part of the assets of such other Party.
(e) Termination Events. In addition to all other termination rights set forth herein, this Agreement may be
terminated by AT&T or AT&T may terminate its obligations hereunder (including terminating only specific
addendums or specific Cell Sites), upon the occurrence of (i) any Termination Event (as defined in the Build
Addendum) applicable to one or more Cell Sites and upon such termination AT&T may exercise any or all of
the Termination Remedies (as defined in the Build Addendum) available to it pursuant to the Build Addendum
with respect to such impacted Cell Sites; or (ii) any termination (regardless of the reason therefor) of the
Master License Agreement resulting in AT&T’s inability to use the impacted Cell Site.
(f) Partial Termination - Whenever Law or a provision of this Agreement permits AT&T to terminate this
Agreement with respect to a single Cell Site or group of Cell Sites or with respect to either the Build
Addendum or Maintenance Addendum, AT&T may, at its option, terminate this Agreement in part with
respect to such Addendum or on a Cell Site basis without further liability or obligation; provided that no such
termination shall relieve AT&T’s obligation to make Structured Payments with respect to any Cell Sites that
have reached Location Acceptance prior to the effective date of such termination and pay any Maintenance
Fees for Services performed under the Maintenance Addendum prior to the effective date of such termination.
The Parties acknowledge that the Build Addendum and Maintenance Addendum include specific partial
termination rights on a Cell Site by Cell Site basis, including the Termination Remedies that allow for
termination of AT&T’s obligations with respect to an individual Cell Site hereunder and special remedies to
AT&T in connection with such termination.
(g) Termination Charges – AT&T shall not be liable for any termination charges (or any charges for any Material
or Services already ordered or performed at the time of termination) in any case when any termination results
from a termination right granted to AT&T in this Agreement; provided that AT&T shall remain obligated to
make Structured Payments with respect to any Cell Sites that have reached Location Acceptance prior to the
effective date of such termination and pay any Maintenance Fees for Services performed under the
Maintenance Addendum prior to the effective date of such termination.
(h) Obligations upon Expiration or Termination - Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, but prior
to the effectiveness of full termination of the Agreement, AT&T may exercise any rights and remedies available
to AT&T under this Agreement, at law or in equity, including AT&T’s right to exercise any one or more of the
Termination Remedies set forth in the Build Addendum, and Vendor shall, upon the request and at the expense
(other than termination in accordance with Subsection (c) hereof) of AT&T: (i) return all papers, materials,
equipment, assets and property of AT&T held by Vendor, including title and ownership to all Material, (ii)
provide reasonable assistance as may be necessary for the orderly, non-disrupted continuation of the Services,
(iii) transfer all of the contracts related to the Cell Sites to AT&T
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and
third party representatives, and Vendor except under written agreement by the contracting parties.
41
Source: ATN INTERNATIONAL, INC., 10-Q, 11/8/2019
as contemplated in the Build Addendum and (iv) reimburse AT&T for any AT&T Provided Equipment or
other assets that are not installed at a Cell Site and cannot be returned in good working order (based on the
acquisition costs plus taxes and shipping costs). Vendor also agrees to assist AT&T in coordinating the transfer
of the provision of the Services to a successor contractor, which shall include continuing to provide the
required level of Services until the date of expiration or termination and providing the successor contractor
with all pertinent information about the Services. For the purposes of clarity and notwithstanding any other
provisions herein, no termination under this Agreement shall relieve AT&T’s obligation to make Structured
Payments with respect to any Cell Sites that have reached Location Acceptance prior to the effective date of
such termination and pay any Maintenance Fees for Services performed under the Maintenance Addendum
prior to the effective date of such termination.
3.38 Third Party Administrative Services
(a) Vendor acknowledges that a third party administrator will perform certain administrative functions for AT&T in
relation to this Agreement. Such administrative functions may include:
(i) Collecting and verifying certificates of insurance;
(ii) Providing financial analysis;
(iii) Verifying certifications under the Section entitled “Utilization of Minority, Women, and Disabled Veteran
Owned Business Enterprises”; and
(iv) Collecting and verifying Vendor profile information.
(b) Vendor shall cooperate with such third party administrator in its performance of such administrative functions
and shall provide such data as from time to time the third party administrator may request. Further,
notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Vendor agrees that AT&T may provide any information
regarding Vendor to such third party administrator. AT&T shall contractually require the third party
administrator to maintain confidentiality of Vendor’s information with rights to use it solely for purposes of the
administrative functions. Vendor agrees to pay the third party administrator an annual fee for the performance
of these administrative functions, which annual fee shall not exceed three hundred dollars ($300.00), and a
one-time set-up fee of thirty dollars ($30.00). AT&T agrees to reimburse Vendor for such fees listed as a line
item expense on the invoice issued by Vendor to AT&T pursuant to Section 3.19 for the month immediately
following such payment.
3.39 Third Party Beneficiaries. All AT&T Affiliates receiving Material or Services under this Agreement
and the federal government of the United States shall be express third party beneficiaries under this
Agreement. Except to the extent expressly set forth to the contrary in this Agreement (including with
respect to Affiliates of AT&T and the U.S. Government), there are no third party beneficiaries of this
Agreement, and this Agreement shall not provide any third Person other than AT&T Affiliates and the
U.S. Government with any
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and
third party representatives, and Vendor except under written agreement by the contracting parties.
42
Source: ATN INTERNATIONAL, INC., 10-Q, 11/8/2019
remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, claim of action or other legal or equitable right in excess of those
existing without reference to this Agreement.
3.40 Title and Risk. Title to Material furnished by Vendor shall vest in AT&T immediately and automatically
upon Location Acceptance (as defined in the Build Addendum) or, if after Location Acceptance of a Cell
Site, with respect to any Material provided in connection with the Maintenance Addendum, when actually
installed or incorporated in the Work; provided, if the Material was paid for or provided by AT&T prior
to incorporation into the Work, title shall always be vested in AT&T; provided, further, in both cases
Vendor shall retain risk of loss and damages to all of the Material (including all AT&T Provided Equipment
(as such term is defined in the Build Addendum)) until Location Acceptance and thereafter to the extent
such Material is in the custody or control of Vendor.
3.41 Title To Material Furnished by AT&T. Title to material furnished by AT&T under this Agreement
shall at all times be in AT&T’s name. Vendor assumes full responsibility for any loss or damage to such
material while material is in Vendor’s or its Subcontractor’s possession or control and shall be liable for
the full value of the material (which shall include AT&T’s acquisition cost plus all taxes and shipping).
Vendor shall not allow or permit any Lien to be placed upon or otherwise encumber any AT&T Provided
Equipment or other assets, properties or rights owned, operated or leased by AT&T or any of its
Affiliates.
AT&T may inspect and inventory the material furnished by AT&T under this Agreement during Vendor’s
normal business hours. Prior to Location Acceptance, Vendor shall provide AT&T escorted access to the

Source: ATN INTERNATIONAL, INC., 10-Q, 11/8/2019
obligations under this Agreement and Vendor will immediately notify AT&T if, during the Term,
Vendor becomes aware of any such action, suit, or proceeding;
(v) Vendor has, as of the Effective Date, and will continue to have during the Term of the Build Addendum or
Maintenance Addendum, as applicable, all necessary skills, rights, and financial resources (including
any required binding commitments for financing from third Persons) applicable to such obligations then
in effect, and authority to enter into this Agreement, the Build Addendum or the Maintenance
Addendum, including the authority to provide or license the Material or Services, and satisfy all of its
obligations hereunder and thereunder;
(vi) As of the Effective Date, no third party claim has been alleged against Vendor that any Material and
Services provided hereunder infringes upon such third party’s intellectual property rights and Vendor
will immediately notify AT&T if, during the Term, Vendor becomes aware of any such third party
claim;
(vii) No consent, approval, or withholding of objection is required from any entity, including any governmental
authority, with respect to the entering into or the performance of this Agreement, the Build Addendum
or the Maintenance Addendum;
(viii) At the time of Location Acceptance (or, if later, at the time of Delivery), the Material and Services will be
provided free of any Lien of any kind;
(ix) Vendor will be fully responsible and liable for all acts, omissions, and Work performed by any of its
representatives, including any Subcontractors;
(x) All representatives, including Subcontractors, will strictly comply with the provisions specified in this
Agreement and all applicable Laws;
(xi) Vendor will strictly comply with the terms of this Agreement, the Build Addendum and the Maintenance
Addendum, including those specified in any exhibits, schedules or appendices attached hereto or
thereto; and
(xii) All Material provided to AT&T hereunder shall be tested by or on behalf of Vendor prior to installation
and prior to Location Acceptance to ensure its compliance with the Specifications.
(c) All representations and warranties set forth above in Section 3.46(b) or elsewhere in this Agreement (other
than the specific warranty periods specified in Section 3.46(a)) will survive expiration or termination of this
Agreement for a period of [***] years from such expiration or termination; provided however, that any such
representation and warranty that relates solely to the Build Services provided pursuant to the Build
Addendum shall survive for a period of [***] years following Location Acceptance of all Cell Sites. The
foregoing warranties will be in addition to all other warranties, express, implied or statutory. Vendor shall
defend, indemnify and hold AT&T, its Affiliates, and their agents and representatives harmless from
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and
third party representatives, and Vendor except under written agreement by the contracting parties.
46
Source: ATN INTERNATIONAL, INC., 10-Q, 11/8/2019
and against all Third Party Losses arising out of or resulting from a breach of these representations and
warranties, in accordance with the Section herein entitled “Indemnity”.
(d) If at any time during the warranty period for Material or Services AT&T believes there is a breach of any
warranty, AT&T will notify Vendor setting forth the nature of such claimed breach. Vendor shall promptly
investigate such claimed breach and shall either (i) provide Information satisfactory to AT&T that no breach of
warranty in fact occurred or (ii) at no additional charge to AT&T, promptly take such action as may be
required to correct such breach. If the required corrective action is to re-perform the Services and/or repair
the Material, and if Vendor fails or refuses to make such repairs and/or re-perform such Services, then, in
addition to any other remedies, AT&T shall have the right, at its option, either (1) to perform such Services
and to repair such Material itself or engage a third party to do so, in either case at Vendor’s expense; or (2) to
receive a full refund of any amounts paid for such Material and Services. Vendor shall bear all transportation
costs and risk of loss and damage in transit with respect to all Material transported in connection with this
Section, and all repaired and replacement Material is warranted as provided herein.
(e) If a breach of warranty for which Vendor is responsible has not been corrected within a commercially
reasonable time, and such breach has caused material and irreparable damage and harm to AT&T, then upon
thirty (30) days’ notice to Vendor, AT&T may terminate this Agreement with respect to the applicable Cell
Site(s) without further liability to Vendor for those Cell Sites.
3.46 Subcontractors; Work Done By Others.
(a) If any part of Vendor’s Work is dependent upon work performed by others or subcontracted consistent with
the terms herein, Vendor shall inspect and promptly report to AT&T any defect that renders such other work
unsuitable for Vendor’s proper performance. Vendor’s silence shall constitute approval of such other work as
fit, proper and suitable for Vendor’s performance of its Services or provision of Material.
(b) Any use of, including any changes to the use of, a Subcontractor shall be subject to the requirements of this
Section 3.46. Vendor shall provide and keep current a list of all Subcontractors and certain information about
each such Subcontractor, including the identity of, the location of, and a complete description of the activities
to be performed by such Subcontractor. Vendor will provide such list of Subcontractors to AT&T upon
request. If AT&T notifies Vendor that a particular Subcontractor is unacceptable to AT&T because use of the
Subcontractor could adversely affect the security of AT&T’s networks, or cause material financial harm to
AT&T, or have a material and detrimental effect on AT&T’s reputation, Vendor shall promptly cease use of
such Subcontractor and provide a replacement Subcontractor or perform the Services itself. Should Vendor
fail or refuse to cease use of any Subcontractor and provide a substitute Subcontractor or perform the
Services itself after AT&T’s request, AT&T shall have the right to terminate this Agreement. Where a portion
of the Work is subcontracted, Vendor remains fully responsible for performance thereof and shall be
responsible to AT&T for the acts and omissions of any Subcontractor, to the same extent as if such acts or
omissions were performed by Vendor. Nothing in this Agreement shall create
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and
third party representatives, and Vendor except under written agreement by the contracting parties.
47
Source: ATN INTERNATIONAL, INC., 10-Q, 11/8/2019
any contractual obligation or other liability of AT&T to any Subcontractor or its employees. Vendor shall
require all Subcontractors performing Work on the project or who may enter upon the Work site to maintain
the same insurance requirements as those set forth in the Section entitled “Insurance” of this Agreement.
Vendor agrees to bind every Subcontractor to terms consistent with the terms of this Agreement. Prior to
Location Acceptance of all Cell Sites pursuant to the Build Addendum, Vendor shall immediately notify AT&T
of any (i) failure or inability of Vendor to pay to any Subcontractor or other Vendor Person when due any
amount owed to such Subcontractor or Vendor Person or (ii) any claim, notice or action asserted by any such
Subcontractor or Vendor Person of or relating to any such failure or inability to pay amounts when due.
Following Location Acceptance of all Cell Sites pursuant to the Build Addendum, Vendor shall immediately
notify AT&T of any (x) failure (in the absence of a good faith dispute) or inability of Vendor to pay to any
Subcontractor or other Vendor Person when due any amount owed to such Subcontractor or Vendor Person
or (y) any claim, notice or action asserted by any such Subcontractor or Vendor Person of or relating to any
such failure (in the absence of a good faith dispute) or inability to pay amounts when due.
3.47 Affordable Care Act. For purposes of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), and in particular for purposes
of Section 4980H of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations thereunder,
with respect to each individual provided by Vendor to work on AT&T project(s) for at least thirty (30)
hours per week for at least ninety (90) days, whether consecutive or not, Vendor represents and warrants
that it or one of its Subcontractors is the common law employer of such individual and shall be responsible
for either providing healthcare coverage as required by the ACA (to the extent applicable) or for paying
any Section 4980H assessable payments that may be required for failure to provide to such individual: (a)
health care coverage, or (b) affordable healthcare coverage. In no event will AT&T be considered to be
the common law employer of such individual for purposes of the ACA. Vendor shall maintain for a period
of ten (10) years (or such shorter period as required by applicable Law) information to show compliance
with the ACA notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary.
3.48 Customer Information
